Was thinking about making a fibbage game.  I was trying to figure out how I could make it with gradio, but the basic gist of it is that you have to be able to push events to the screen and the only framework that I know that can do that is a nodejs server with socketio.    With that in place I suppose I can make the UI with react.  Might as well as that is what I have been studying, just set the proper data different places and the screen will automatically update.  User actions will all be function callbacks which will communicate back to the server.  So I want to get a full scope of all the screens so that I can have the full picture in place and not put it together piece meal.



1 new game.  Has a new game button or a join game button where you put a code in.

--host screens.

h1 collecting users. Show the list of users which have joined and a start button.

h2 information screen with timer.  This can be reused every time everyone is supposed to be putting in answers.

h3 Show all the lies and truths at the same time for people to pick on their devices.

h4 Iterate through the different answers and pop up yes or no.

h5 Show the points for the round.

h6 Show the winner.  Button to go back to host screen.

--client screens.

c1 Where you Type in your name and pick an emogi for your picture.

c2 waiting screen, just whatever text.

c3 shows question and lets you type in an answer.

c4 Pick the best answer out of a list.



Huh.  I wonder if I could do this we websockets so that I don't actually need a server...  Then I could do it with a static page.

I made a folder for this so I can copy this to the thinking in that folder.

03/04/2024
I am having data structure pain, so I want to flip the server side to be TypeScript.  So I will check everything in and then try and make it a TypeScript Vite project.

Here is how I am going to create TypeScript:
https://gemini.google.com/app/539f6198356c78a5

03/09/2024
I checked in on the project and it looks like I finished flipping it to TypeScript.  I would like to make it share TypeScript definitions between front end and back end.

I also need to make some package scripts for starting and compiling this but for now just know that to compile the front end it is
npx tsc

And to run it it is
node dist/index.js


The socket connections were not forming so I simplified the project as much as possible until I proved that it was working and then I started making it more complicated until weird stuff happened.

What I figured out is when I added the relative path to the type definitions in the client package, then it broke because the src folder ended up in the dist folder.  I think what I am going to try and do is have the Vite project reference the include types form the parent folder instead of the other way around because the client side has the more powerful build environment.  Well, it is at least a thought.

It worked.  Woot woot.

03/16/2024
I got code-server running.  So I am editing this from mom and Dad's Fideler's house.  The terminal is laggy to type in but the editor is running at full speed.

Ok, so I need to make a todo list because I have to think of each thing but there are a lot of things

We want to send it to the screen where it tells people to answer questions about themselves and there is a count down timer.
That screen number is h2InformationScreenWithTimer

Need to figure out how to send a message to the server.

The host is a "user" with the name "<host>".  There is a hostSocket in GameState under the game code.

I need to go into the client code and create a command which sends a message to the server when the start game button is hit.

startGame is sent.

Ok, I set the server side.  Now I need to construct the client side to actually show the screens.

I think I will make the screen which shows your question and lets you type in your response.

Done.  Now I need to make the server screen that tells people to answer their questions and has a timer which counts down.

Ok, I realize that the screen that asks the user for their question shows the question instead of showing the text.

I also didn't finish converting the screen that the server sits on with a timer.

03/23/2024
I want to finish making the current question answering screen work, and then I want to create a kill button on the first screen which will make the server save its state and shutdown.

I have a strategy of saving the client state by using a hashtag to give an id to each client and then I can use local or local storage.

